

	This package is designed for use under Java 1.3. It shouldnt
	have any problems running under 1.2.2, but let me know if thats
	not the case.

        To use the XDF package you will need to acquire the Java API for XML 
	Processing (JAXP) Package (version 1.1) which provides
        the functionality for reading, manipulating, and generating XML documents that
        are the basis of XDF.  The JAXP package is available from SUN:

            http://developer.java.sun.com

        or

            http://developer.java.sun.com/developer/earlyAccess/xml/

        Use the later URL if you can login already as Java Sun developer. JAXP
        includes the crimson parser which is the default XML parser for XDF.
        You will also need to acquire the Xerces-J (version 1.4.3, not the upcoming 2)
        package from

            http://xml.apache.org/dist/xerces-j/

        in order to use the classes in the sub-package: gov.nasa.gsfc.adc.xdf.DOM package.

        Furthermore, we *only* support Xerces-1.4.3, so please download that version,
        and YOU WILL NEED TO APPLY A PATCH: ElementState.java.patch (included in this
        distribution) to the relevant Xerces class ElementState AND REBUILD the Xerces
        distribution (not difficult). Having to patch the Xerces distribution is unfortunate,
        however, the patch has been submitted to the Xerces-J mailing list, and hopefully it will
        find its way into the next version of Xerces-J.


        Steps to XDF fullfillment:

        0. Unpack/move this archive into an appropriate spot.

	1. Download and install ancillary packages JAXP and Xerces-J mentioned above

	2. Patch and re-compile the Xerces-J distro.

	3. Adjust your CLASSPATH to contain the JAXP and Xerces-J distros and the xdf.jar
           file.

	4. Run some XDF programs in the samples/ directory to test your functionality. 

	Some people love to monkey with the source code. If you are one of these, then
	To compile the code (UNIX) type :

	> make jar 

	This will create the xdf.jar file. To create the HTML API documentation
	(in the doc directory).

        > make doc

	Note: There is currently no makefile support for XDF under non-UNIX platforms (sorry)


